d/knight/cmds/_exercise.c line 1: syntax error
d/knight/cmds/_exercise.c line 1: syntax error
d/knight/cmds/_exercise.c line 1: syntax error
d/knight/cmds/_exercise.c line 1: syntax error
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 33: syntax error
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 48: Illegal LHS
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 48: syntax error
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 81: Illegal LHS
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 81: syntax error
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 82: Illegal LHS
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 33: syntax error
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 48: Illegal LHS
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 48: syntax error
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 81: Illegal LHS
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 81: syntax error
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 82: Illegal LHS
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 33: syntax error
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 48: Illegal LHS
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 48: syntax error
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 81: Illegal LHS
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 81: syntax error
d/knight/fortress/knight_inner.c line 82: Illegal LHS
