d/wiz/wiz_office.c line 8: Undefined function set_name
d/wiz/wiz_office.c line 8: Undefined function set_name
d/wiz/wiz_office.c line 8: Undefined function set_name
d/wiz/wiz_office.c line 8: Undefined function set_name
d/wiz/wiz_office.c line 8: Undefined function set_name
d/wiz/wiz_office.c line 8: Undefined function set_name
d/wiz/wiz_office.c line 8: Undefined function set_name
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 41: Undefined variable 'FARWIND'

d/wiz/vote_room.c line 41: syntax error
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 52: Illegal LHS
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 54: Illegal LHS
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 54: syntax error
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 55: Illegal LHS
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 41: Undefined variable 'FARWIND'

d/wiz/vote_room.c line 41: syntax error
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 52: Illegal LHS
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 54: Illegal LHS
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 54: syntax error
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 55: Illegal LHS
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 41: Undefined variable 'FARWIND'

d/wiz/vote_room.c line 41: syntax error
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 52: Illegal LHS
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 54: Illegal LHS
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 54: syntax error
d/wiz/vote_room.c line 55: Illegal LHS
